In a normal angler 2 application we use components to build that app.
We have a root component.
The app component with its template.
And then this template we would typically have some HDMI code and possibly selectors of abro components
or we would use the anguage you router to render different components depending on which are out we
are on.
This does not work this way.
In an ironic too where we can still place selectors of components there in the end I N.F. is just a
component but the pages we see here like these starting blank page here are not rendered by placing
a selector off it anywhere because this page the page with the page home selector is not placed here
you don't see the page hobo's electorate in the template of a root component.
Instead ironic to you has a different way of navigating between your pages.
This of course brings us to an important question.
What is the page you can think of a page of what you see on the whole screen so a page takes up your
full screen.
It is a normal thing or two component and this is super important to understand.
It is a normal component we call it page because it takes up the full screen and it is loaded for ironic
to his navigation concept you could say to which I will come back in the next lecture a component on
the average end is for one the whole page as I just said a page is a component but could also be a part
of a page.
We are still able to include normal angler to components on a page.
So not every component is a page but every page is a component and to clear up the confusion lets see
how navigation works in Iyonix too in the next video